0||Opinions||72741||2012-05-08||NORTHEAST UTILITIES
OPINION OF JEFFREY C. MILLER


Converted by EDGARwiz EXHIBIT 5    56 Prospect Street, Hartford, CT 06103-2818    Northeast Utilities Service Company  PxxPDOxxPD Box 270  Hartford, CT 06141-0270  Phone: (860) 728-4624  Fax: (860) 728-4584  E-Mail: millejc@nu.com    Jeffrey C. Miller  Assistant General Counsel *    * Admitted in New York;   Authorized House Counsel in Connecticut May 7, 2012 Northeast Utilities 56 Prospect Street Hartford, Connecticut 06103-2818 RE: Registration Statement on Form S-8 Ladies and Gentlemen: I am Assistant General Counsel of Northeast Utilities Service Company, a service company affiliate of Northeast Utilities, a Massachusetts business trust and voluntary association organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts (the "Company"). I have acted as counsel to the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (the "Registration Statement"), to be filed on the date hereof by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission"). The Registration Statement relates to the registration of the Company's common shares, par value $5.00 per share (the "Common Shares"), in connection with the Company's assumption of the (i) NSTAR 1997 Share Incentive Plan, (ii) NSTAR 2007 Long Term Incentive Plan and (iii) NSTAR Savings Plan (collectively, the "Plans"). This opinion is being furnished in accordance with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act. In rendering this opinion, I or attorneys under my supervision have examined: (i) the Declaration of Trust of the Company, as amended to date; (ii) the Registration Statement; (iii) the Plans; and (iv) such other documents, records, and instruments, and I have reviewed such matters of law, as I have deemed necessary or appropriate. I have assumed the authenticity of all documents submitted to me as originals and the conformity to the originals of all documents submitted to me as copies. I have also assumed the genuineness of all signatures or instruments that I have reviewed. In addition, I have assumed and have not verified the accuracy as to factual matters of each document I have reviewed. Northeast Utilities May 7, 2012 Page 2 This opinion is limited to the current laws of the State of New York, the current federal laws of the United States, and to the limited extent set forth below, the current laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and to the facts as they exist on the date hereof. I am a member of the bar of the State of New York and Authorized House Counsel in the State of Connecticut.  I am not admitted to practice law in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, but I am generally familiar with the laws of such Commonwealth and have made such inquiries as I considered necessary to render my opinion. I express no opinion as to matters involving the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of New York and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and the United States. I undertake no obligation to advise you as a result of developments occurring after the date hereof including changes in such laws or interpretations thereof, or as a result of facts or circumstances brought to my attention after the date hereof. Based on and subject to the foregoing, I am of the opinion that authorized but not previously issued Common Shares that may be issued under the Plans have been duly authorized and, when issued in accordance with the terms of each Plan, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. This opinion letter is not to be used, circulated, quoted or otherwise referred to for any other purpose, except as set forth below. I hereby consent to the filing of a copy of this opinion as Exhibit 5.1 to the Registration Statement Amendment. In giving such consent, I do not thereby admit that I am in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act. Very truly yours, /s/ JEFFREY C. MILLER




