0||CorporateActions||350181||2017-03-31||AB SUSTAINABLE GLOBAL THEMATIC FUND, INC.
INVESTMENT POLICY

811-03131
				77D
AB Sustainable Global Thematic Fund Inc.
				77Q1

The Board of Directors the Board of the Fund has approved
changes to the Funds name to AB Sustainable Global Thematic
Fund and to the Funds principal investment strategy to reflect a
focus on investing in securities of companies that are positively
exposed to sustainable investment themes. The following
amendments to the Funds name and principal investment
strategies, which do not require stockholder approval, became
effective on November 1, 2016:

The Fund pursues opportunistic growth by investing in a global
universe of companies that are positively exposed to sustainable
investment themes. Under normal circumstances, the Fund
invests at least 80% of its net assets in equity securities of
issuers located throughout the world that the Adviser believes
are positively exposed to sustainable investment themes. This
policy may not be changed without 60 days prior written notice to
shareholders.

The Adviser employs a combination of top-down and bottom-up
investment processes with the goal of identifying securities of
companies worldwide, fitting into sustainable investment themes.
The Adviser identifies sustainable investment themes that are
broadly consistent with achieving the United Nations Sustainable
Development Goals.  Examples of these themes may include
energy transformation, resource preservation, equality and
opportunity, and improving human health and safeguarding lives,
and the themes are expected to change over time based on the
Advisers research. In addition to this top-down thematic
approach, the Adviser also uses a bottom-up analysis of
individual companies, focusing on prospective earnings growth,
valuation, and quality of company management and on
evaluating a companys exposure to environmental, social and
corporate governance ESG factors. The Adviser
emphasizes company-specific positive selection criteria over
broad-based negative screens in assessing a companys
exposure to ESG factors.

Applying ESG and sustainability criteria to the investment
process may exclude securities of certain issuers for nonfinancial
reasons and, therefore, the Fund may forgo some market
opportunities available to funds that do not use ESG or
sustainability criteria. Securities of companies with ESG
practices may shift into and out of favor depending on market
and economic conditions, and the Funds performance may at
times be better or worse than the performance of funds that do
not use ESG or sustainability criteria.



ablegal -  3233445 v1



